*This application is intended to be used by League of Legends Players to store data about their games for review and to aid improvement and understanding. 
 I do not track data or store any of it, that's all local to the user. This tool is only as useful as you'd like it to be, and it will hopefully allow you to review your play better. 


Welcome, and thanks for downloading the SoloQ Data Collection Tool (DCT for short).
The DCT is currently in the Alpha Phase of development, and is still in development. 
In its current state the DCT can store data from your games and give you valuable stats about
the data that you put in. Stats include Winrate, Attitude Score, and a Player Appearance function. 
You can also store your builds, and game data into a database that you can keep over a long period of time, 
and potentially review for other information. At the moment, the game data is stored in a file, and the stats 
are generated by processing that file. You can find te raw file in the "mysite" folder within this filesystem/directory. 
The file is called "games" and it is a csv file, so you'll need a program like excel to open it and edit it if you need to. 
To open the database you'll need to have a program like SqliteStudio or others.
It is within the same folder, and it should be called "db". In order to run things properly you'll need to downlad and install a few things as well.

Here's a quick list:
1. Python (at the time of release the version is 3.7, you'll want the latest version) 
Link: https://www.python.org/downloads/

2. Pip
Link: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/

3. Django 
Link: https://www.djangoproject.com/download/

4. SqLite
Link: https://www.sqlite.org/index.html

5.SqLiteStudio
Link: https://sqlitestudio.pl/index.rvt?act=download

Other things that you should get if you don't have them

WinRar
Link: https://www.rarlab.com/

Now, if you've got it all you're ready to go.

1. Make sure you've got the file system inside of a folder, place the folder with all of it's contents inside another folder. 
   You can name it what you'd like. 
2. Navigate to the mysite folder, don't go inside of it, just to it. 

3. Press and hold shift and right click the mysite folder, there should be an option to "Open PowerShell window here", release shift, and just click it. 

4. This should open up a window with a filepath and a cursor that's blinking, type the following: "py manage.py runserver" and 
   if there's an issue type "python manage.py runserver". 
5. Hit enter, after a moment you should see words appear and they will tell what the address of the service is. Look for the line 
   "Starting development server at http:...", this is the address select it and copy it by holding the ctrl and pressing c.
6. Open up your web browser (Google Chrome , Firefox, Edge, etc.) and paste the address into the address bar, and hit enter.

7. You should see a website. The website is running locally from your computer's server (we started it in step 4), it's only available to you.

8. Enjoy the service. Follow the instructions in the powershell window to close the server. If you'd like to clear the window up just press ctrl and c again and type "clear".

   *Whenever you want to use it you'll have to run the server again just like this. The server host the service, and that's all local for now. 

Note: To see the database from the browser you can add "/admin" to the end of your URL this'll bring up a login window 
      for another webpage that allows you to see the database tables from the web. 
      You'll need to create an admin or superuser to login to the service and here's how you do it: 

1. Follow step 3 and 4 but this time type "py manage.py createsuperuser" or "python manage.py createsuperuser", 
   and follow the prompts as they appear, make sure that you remember the password.

Additional Info Available: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/intro/tutorial02/

